# Minutes of Meeting

* **Tasks** (T)
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I)
 
### Date : 15-01-2021
### Time : 20:00 (IST)
### Topic: First Client Meet
### Attendees: Abdullah(2019101093), Aaradhya(2019114010), Kartik (2019101060), Kevin(2019101092)

Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
I | There are 4 main modules of the project that are Logistics, Manpower, Bills, Vehicles. | - | -
I | We have different users like manager, the delivery person, the customer etc. Different users will have different type of access to the App/WebApp. | - | -
I | A brief idea on what type of functionality each of the users will have. | - | -
I | App/WebApp is supposed to be ready for extending it to different types of products instead just keeping it specific for the water distribution. | - | -
I | Details of manager included like the manager should be able to view all the current available vehicles and the vehicles out for delivery along with the present stock they have. Moreover they have access to change price that was decided before making a deal with the customer, manager can add a new vehicle and corresponding to that increase manpower with inclusion of a new driver. Manager should get notifications about when a product was delivered. Manager should also get notifications related to the important documents of the vehicles like when is the insurance expiring for a particular vehicle. | - | -
I | Details of the delivery boy included the options to view his/her attendance of the month and should be able to edit his regular details like his contact number(OTP based). The boy should be able to mark the delivery of a product to the customer. The boy should not be able to alter the prices of the water cans decided. | - | -
I | For the customer is first he/she should be able to add a request for the water can and then when his /her can is out for the delivery he should get a notification about the same along with a notification when the delivery is made. After all this each customer will have a QR code which will be scanned by the delivery boy to get all the details of the customer instead of making the customer to enter all his details again and again. | - | -
I | Then we have this credit limit for each of the customers like how much cans they can get on credit after which it becomes necessary for them to clear the debt so as to be able to make a new request. For the same the App/WebApp will send notifications to the customer of interest. | - | -
I | There is this information shared related to the meetings with the client. The client said we can have weekly meetings and he will be available to us throughout the week to address our on the go doubts using whatsApp. | - | -
I | There is also this thing related to the route planning of the delivery vehicles, our route planning should be able to add customers dynamically. The delivery vehicle will get the route on the App/WebApp of the driver of the vehicle.
T | Read the documents shared about how this industry works in about a week's time. | All the attendees | Before next client meet
D | We aim to make more definitive decisions on which modules and functionalities in those modules will be given priorities in our following meeting | - | -